but US yen okay guys can you just say in
the chat if you can hear eyes'll through
the microphone because I got you through
a microphone can you guys just say can
you can tell me if you can hear eyes'll
through the microphone we can hear him
we can hear him negative in fact some
blood and I mean I assume one thing I
assume you weren't actually set and we
would talk about it at some point so
never reason to get upset assumed you
would like help me out in the practical
sense of answering questions before I
was just interested to figure out oh he
actually talks about swipe or not you
know that's just the conversation that's
asking you to help me personally I
assume you talk to email or like now on
you know that we you're out whether it
was a catfish or not let's just stick
with that topic real quick um if it's
not your ex-wife aisel are you listen
listen listen if it's not your ex-wife
who like who can you think of that file
the privacy complaints and then somehow
I got my home phone number and called my
house like who do you think it was if
it's not your ex-wife or your wife or
whatever it is now
do I know for a fact that the first
phone you was max wise like legally I
know that no but I've confirmed that
ex-wife has contacted other youtubers
and I suspect gene diversity is
contacted during rendering so why would
you do that
I don't know what gets views
before hi I just talked about the
fiction is speculation difference
between something coming from me and
something coming from an unknown source
might come could be a gap you know just
being on how much you know and that's
what CMC does that's what everybody else
does big game so you know nothing ever
easy boy and you know you got a
competition guys like Joe Keegan who
operated by a different set of rules
and there are things he'll do and things
you won't do vegan does doesn't do you
know I mean I do what I do I don't
really concern myself with Joe Dugan
does our dog do like you know I am I
don't play by his rules I don't play by
your rules don't play my jersey know
that play by Mojo's rules I played by
[ __ ] cheetahs okay sure I have some
competition but you said that you should
be mad at me let's keep it on topic so
why should you be mad at me I can't say
he owes me anything but in the past you
and I really have been friends so the
fact that you just wouldn't talk to me
at all but something look I'm talking to
my lawyer
this has implications for my real life
problems you have a casual conversation
with you like no like you know do we
think this was really master-wife or not
yeah well it's kind of going back to I
mean aisel listen I hear what you're
saying but it's kind of going back to
the mojo thing like you know that's kind
of what your argument is for mojo
that you know while we were kind of
cooled mojo we're all on the same team
so you know vegan cheat is a [ __ ]
[ __ ] no don't think you should treat
mojo better or worse he's our friend and
I don't I think moto deserves the same
basic treatment as any other human being
who I don't even know I think mojo
visited during right but I think it's
completely wrong - colder advisor or
pedophile
for the same reason it's morally wrong
to call me a pedophile like I believe in
equal treatment and equal human rights
and it's true no I don't I don't feel
that way about mojo and I don't feel
you've betrayed mojo or betrayed
adventures in mojo and I don't even
think I've said this to you before but I
didn't think you should censor that
broadcast and says I think you should
have said nothing about mojo I just
think you should have been more
realistic about it like I said in the
email I thought if I if I need editors
I'll let you know if I need editors on
my on the content I'm gonna publish I'll
let you know oh boy I mean heh sincerely
you're saying as my friend you're saying
I would have thought that maybe you
would have talked to me first and you
know told me what's going on or maybe
not you know anything to you the
speculation is that you're misogynist
I'm just going by what people will find
the quote exactly find the quote exactly
player
if it were true that I was dating to him
the same time that does make me
misogynist it's ridiculous
you know that I don't care if you're a
misogynist or not like I actually don't
care like we could still be cool of
you're misogynist or your sources on
that story because I know they must have
been either catfishing is completely for
complete nonsense um you know so again I
don't know I don't need to know what the
background was for that story now dude
in terms of old media new media nobody's
talking about being editor but it's
about following up what you do have to
work when you run a story with us
whether a newspaper or anything else
then half the words you say ho it turns
out to be false and you kind of did that
with mojo anyway well what that book
guys this is the deal and all because
that media new media whatever it's not a
question of sensory if a newspaper
publishes a story about someone that
turns out to be false and then that
first writes into the newspaper it says
look you've slandered me or this is
wrong and this is incorrect the
newspaper follows up and TMZ follows up
everyone folds up and you go to follow
up and it would be a friend
it really is nothing it is a I'm going
so okay so if you don't know him like
that he's not your friend you don't give
a [ __ ] about mojo do you really think it
was appropriate for you to upload those
statements against me the way you did I
mean do you really think that was
appropriate considering that you didn't
give a [ __ ] about mojo and now you're
saying all you know you know I consider
you a friend
I mean do you think it was appropriate
for you to do what you did like on that
one video do you think that was
appropriate
do you think that I mean do you think
that's appropriate do you
yes for me the principal the thing is I
do not I do not want you to call me
pedophile Oh call who I want to call a
pedophile believe that he's completely
irrelevant I think he's a sexual
predator and I think he has HIV
his name on this ocean you think we even
talked about this but you had said that
I was wrong and calling source show
white supremacists when you could
actually go to her YouTube channel and
she has said that about herself when she
said he didn't know about it and listen
when I said I will call boy I want to
call pedophile like if I truly thought
somebody would you know and I had source
on that I would come out with that be
like look this is what people are saying
like I'm not saying like I would just
slander somebody randomly I've actually
never called I don't think I've ever
called during Ryan pedophile my life
anyways we realized oh you said you got
a quota be saved during Ryder's
pedophile do you think he's a sexual
predator quite possibly a pedophile and
I think he has HIV and he's spreading it
in Thailand so you guys know who I'm
talking about where I'm gonna mention
his name on this channel
did he ever quote of that you know you
dog
Chuck wants to ask you a question Chuck
once asked you why are you willing to
defend his enemy that's I don't know
what Chuck is for everybody or nobody
well I guess that would be the
difference between you and me you seem
to be a man that at least tries to
portray the idea that you you you live
out your principles no matter what you
know I am willing to flex on principles
if it seems outrageous you know what I'm
saying like like you for one have
described yourself as somebody who if
you're at a bus station and all they
have is non vegan cookies to eat you
won't eat it and you'll go 14 hours
starving I'm not that guy so there's a
different that's great that's great but
does that you know principal stones is
doesn't always serve your you know your
best interest your self-interest it
doesn't always serve you well I mean
that in my personal opinion yes yeah